% SIDM2023 Conference (Society to Improve Diagnosis in Medicine)
% 2023-10-09, Cleveland
% Notes by Andrew Zimolzak, MD, MMSc




# Opening

Verity Schaye. Congressman Brad Wenstrup (R, OH-02). Bill, early
screening and detection of cancers. H.R. 2407 (118th Congress) Nancy
Gardner Sewell Medicaer Multi-Cancer Early Detection Screening
Coverage Act. Revenue cycle management, $100 billion. Peer review for
approval, MRI. Healthy people paying taxes makes us a better nation.
Emerson, paraphrased: I meet is in some way my superior, and I can
learn....




# Keynote

CNN program.[^cnn] Harry Hoar, from Baystate. Jake Tapper and Alice
Paul Tapper. In 2021. Outpatient peds phone call, local ER, transfer
to children's hospital. Xfer with dx gastro; outpatient doc suggested
consider appy. Speed bumps. Jump test. Can't straighten legs. 32 hours
later, imaging. Can't do OR, ICU, 2 drains. Outpatient, more fluid.
Initially attrib to post-lap pneumoperitoneum. PICC for nutrition.

[^cnn]: Opinion: I almost died last year from a.... Alice Tapper. CNN.
2022-12-15.

"Shitsgiving," Thanksgiving 2021. Know somebody who knows somebody.
Eventually, March 2022 appy at CHOP, 2 hr procedure. Was 90 pounds, 5
foot 10. BM complications. "Being dismissed." Code of silence,
analogous to thin blue line.

Q and A. What was the bias? A: all over abd pain means no appy, and
the jump test. Humility. Bias re: young women. Prashant Mahajan.

Cognitive or system or policy or cultural or what? Why wouldn't you
get imaging, why wouldn't you get a consult? Get more eyes on your
case. Open minds.




# Patient summit




# Lunch and learn




# Plenary




# Concurrent 1




# Concurrent 2 (mine)

